Search Attributes in PHP [updates 1671] (#1672)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/php/how-to-upsert-custom-search-attributes-to-a-workflow-executions-during-execution-in-php.md

---
id: how-to-upsert-custom-search-attributes-to-a-workflow-executions-during-execution-in-php
title: How to upsert Search Attributes in PHP
sidebar_label: Upsert Search Attributes
---

> Upsert Search Attributes within a Workflow with `Workflow::upsertSearchAttributes()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upsert Search Attributes within a Workflow, use `Workflow::upsertSearchAttributes()`.
```
Per https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#with.
